QUESTIONS
1) What did I do yesterday that helped the Development Team meet the Sprint Goal?
2) What will I do today to help the Development Team meet the Sprint Goal?
3) Do I see any impediment that prevents me or the Development Team from meeting the Sprint Goal?

ANSWERS
Arman Akhbari
1) I finished the sprint backlog for the document up to date, however I will be editing it as we move forward.
2) working on the Scrum part of the document.
3) we are really behind schedule in terms of coding and still havent got any code to work properly.


Brian Bares
1) Uhh I haven't really done anything since the last scrum since the last scrum was right before I went to bed, then I had
class in the morning and lab prep in the afternoon...
2) Will work on my goals from yesterday (look for API to find papers/extract their words and how to use it, continue
through tutorials)
3) Final project for my other class is cutting into my time. Most of my free time is on the weekend but condensing
all my contributions into the last few days before a sprint deadline isn't really working


Shokoufeh Namazian
1) I finished  black box test for search button and bar.
2) I started working on simple design.
3) We have not started doing 4 xp programming practice yet. SO hopefully we can finish it for scrum 2.


Matthew van Niekerk
1) Codecademy tutorials and burndown chart update.
2) Use knowledge of PHP to try to understand how the back end works and how is connects to the APIs; start JavaScript tutorial; update burndown chart.  
3) It's difficult to use XP practices while the only coding I'm doing is in tutorials. Pair programming seems to be the easiest, because we can work through the same tutorial together, but a few others seem impossible. Additionally, I'm working at a sustainable pace in terms of total work for all five of my courses, but in virtue of my schedule, that leaves me with very little time during the week for CS and lots of time on the weekend to make up for it, so I'm worried that this will be interpreted as an unsustainable pace. 
